a major accident occurred on the morning of April 19th
my Kursk area on four hundred
eighty-seventh kilometer of the road
Almaty
Ekaterinburg on the highway collided
truck gazelle and
minibus mercedes sprinter
both cars suddenly caught fire and people didn't
managed to leave as a result, 13 died
Kyrgyz citizens another died in
hospital among the dead the whole family from
five people woof hara iorinda his 1981
year of birth marz dariim bayeva 1953
year of birth seven year old basurin fights
nine -year-old abrar 10 yanbayev 12-year-old
go chakhon Alimbaeva went to split in
Born in 1992, died in hospital
Maharaja numbers and born in 1974
flour beth hart Mambetov in 1982
of birth
and where is the circulation itself and in 1974 of birth
30-year-old Maksatbek Sakayev 27-year-old
Bakhtiyar jour Abaev jerked the run Abdullayev
Born in 1983 data of the other two
five people will clarify the dead
passengers with various injuries were
hospitalized
Karaganda region
temirlan dr th and in 1971
birth 30-year-old maksat big syke aif
44-year-old Tayirbek these things by itself Beks
Mayrambek born in 1993 Rustam run
gave deciding the year of birth is set
Employees work at the site
law enforcement agencies of Kazakhstan and
Consulates of Kyrgyzstan on behalf of
President Almazbek Atambayev in what
near the area you drove a car
Kamaz brand with lifeguards on board for
delivery of the dead to their homeland and
rescue units left
car for transportation of corpses
affected our republic
citizens of our republic are all bodies
the dead will be taken to the misha of Bishkek in the MCH
asking relatives of victims
apply to the operational duty officer
by phone 0 770 8800 19
saikal here angulo volta hai babaev
publicly first channel